What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?
What typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?
What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of?
What three things are needed for construction to take place?
Construction takes place on location for who?
Who normally manages a construction job?
Who normally supervises a construction job?
What is essential for the successful execution of a project?
The largest construction projects are known as what?
Zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should consider?
What are the three sectors of construction?
Building construction is usually further divided into what categories?
Infrastructure is often called what?
Large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector?
Refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction?
What is Engineering News-Record?
What compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?
In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments?
ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors?
What are the three construction subsectors?
There are other categories for what?
What has a classification system for construction companies?
What are construction managers?
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings?
The majority of building construction jobs are what?
Who acts as laborer, paymaster, and design team for a renovation project?
What are some examples of undesirable end results of a project?
What do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome?
Residential construction practices, technologies, and resources must conform to what?
What generally dictates the construction materials used?
Residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned?
Site conditions, local regulations, economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what?
New techniques of building construction are being researched, made possible by advances in what?
Building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time?
Dutch architect Janjaap Ruijssenaars's performative architecture 3D-printed building is scheduled to be built when?
Working versions of 3D-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour?
A formal design team may be assembled to do what?
Construction involves the translation of what?
The design team is most commonly employed by who?
Who provides the bill of quantities?
The owner typically awards a contract to who?
The modern trend in design is toward integration of what?
Even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what?
In modern times, firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project?
What kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction, while adhering to the performance specifications?
What project structures assist the owner in integration?
These project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction?
Many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what?
What can construction projects suffer from?
What is an underbid?
When do cash flow problems exist?
What financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field?
Who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project?
The presence of who is highly likely even in small projects?
Who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process?
Cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what?
Who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation?
What must a project adhere to?
Constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom?
What is malum in se considerations?
What are malum prohibitum considerations?
Who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built?
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations?
What is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties?
What does the time element in construction mean?
Contracts must be designed to ensure what?
What leads to confusion and collapse?
A growing number of new forms of procurement involves what?
What is PPP?
What is a PPP also known as?
Focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry.
In the most common construction procurement, who acts as the project coordinator?
Whose role is to design the works, prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings, administer the contract, tender the works, and manage the works from inception to completion
There are direct contractual links between who?
Any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who?
The procedure continues until what?
Who produces a list of requirements for a project, giving an overall view of the project's goals?
Who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals?
Who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors?
Who is usually working together?
What happens as they build phase 1?
Who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked?
Having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what?
What are some existing facilities?
Who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code?
What is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed?
What is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014?
How much revenue is private?
How many firms were existing in 2005?
The average contractor hired how many employees?
How many women were employed in construction in 2011?
What is the average construction salary in the Middle East?
What is the average construction salary in the UK?
Where have some workers made more than $100,000?
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world?
What is the most common cause of injury on site?
What are other major fatality causes?
What can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry?







